v2.1, v3.0, dev: add a warning in batch operations (#1405)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/tidb-specific-variables.md

- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: 0
- This variable is used to set whether to divide the inserted data automatically. It is valid only when `autocommit` is enabled.

> - When inserting a large amount of data, you can set the variable value to 1. Then the inserted data is automatically divided into multiple batches and each batch is inserted by a single transaction. This operation breaks the atomicity and isolation of the transaction. When using it, you need to ensure that there are **not any other** ongoing operations on the table, and in the event of an error, **manual intervention is required to check the consistency and integrity of the data**. Therefore, it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When inserting a large amount of data, you can set the variable value to `1`. Then, the inserted data is automatically divided into multiple batches and each batch is inserted by a single transaction. This operation breaks the atomicity and isolation of the transaction. When performing this operation, you must ensure that there are **no other** ongoing operations on the table. When an error occurs, **manual intervention is required to check the consistency and integrity of the data**. Therefore, it is not recommended to set this parameter in a production environment.
```

### tidb_batch_delete

- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: 0
- This variable is used to set whether to divide the data for deletion automatically. It is valid only when you delete from a single table and `autocommit` is enabled. For the definition of single-table DELETE statement, see [here](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/delete.html).

> - When deleting a large amount of data, you can set the variable value to 1. Then the data for deletion is automatically divided into multiple batches and each batch is deleted by a single transaction. This operation breaks the atomicity and isolation of the transaction. When using it, you need to ensure that there are **not any other** ongoing operations on the table, and in the event of an error, **manual intervention is required to check the consistency and integrity of the data**. Therefore, it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When deleting a large amount of data, you can set the variable value to `1`. Then, the data for deletion is automatically divided into multiple batches and each batch is deleted by a single transaction. This operation breaks the atomicity and isolation of the transaction. When performing this operation, you must ensure that there are **no other** ongoing operations on the table. When an error occurs, **manual intervention is required to check the consistency and integrity of the data**. Therefore, it is not recommended to set this parameter in a production environment.
```
